---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3" 
date:   2019-04-22 10:00:00
category: logs
author: Jason Loan 
---

This week we've begun the process of participating in the prototype of the [PierceHacker project](https://jloan.github.io/pierce-hacker/). 

* Reflect on your experience in our attempt to collaboatively compose a survey for gathering some data about technology use and needs that might help infomr the project. For example -- What's challenging or difficult about composing a survey? About collaboration? Or what's interesting about the process? How does this survey work affect your sense of "audience" when comes to thinking about our project (or about writing in general)?

* This week I'd like you to revisit a prompt from Week 1. [The Programming Historian](https://programminghistorian.org/) and [PierceHacker](https://jloan.github.io/pierce-hacker/) are perhaps many things, but they are, I believe, technical writing projects at their core. Week 1 we read ["The Rhetorical Nature of Technical and Professional Writing"](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Professional_and_Technical_Writing/Rhetoric). This text frames tech writing as fundementally rhetorical. This means that questions of purpose, audience, and medium of delivery are as fundemental to the work of technical writing. As we begin the PierceHacker project, consider -- who is the particular audience for Pierce Hacker? What is the purpose of the PierceHacker project? Why do you think, as the writer the lead designer of the project I decided to deliver this work via the medium of a public website?

* Finally, what do you think you learned this week?  Keep in mind that your learning might resonate with particualr course outcomes or personal outcomes or even something unexpected or not entirely anticipated by either articualted course or personal outcomes.